feat(sbb-card): component implementation (#1358)
lyne-design-system/lyne-components: src/components/sbb-card/readme.md

# sbb-card

> The sbb-card is a container in which is possible to put other html tag. It provides a slot in which is possible to put the `<sbb-card-badge>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sbb-card` component is a generic content container; its task is to contain HTML elements related to a single subject. The `sbb-card-badge` component can be used via slot to display a badge in the upper right corner.
```

## Usage

The example below show how to render the component with `<sbb-card-badge>`:

```html
<sbb-card>

>     <sbb-card-badge slot="badge" appearance="primary" is-discount></sbb-card-badge>

Reviewer: - Fix tabulation
- Add some other content beside the badge (otherwise card is meaningless)

>     <sbb-card-badge slot="badge" appearance="primary" is-discount></sbb-card-badge>
>   </sbb-card>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  <sbb-card-badge slot="badge" appearance="primary" is-discount></sbb-card-badge></sbb-card>
```

# sbb-card

The `sbb-card` component is a generic content container; its task is to contain HTML elements related to a single subject. 

The `sbb-card-badge` component can be used via slot to display a badge in the upper right corner.

## Usage

The example below show how to render the component with `<sbb-card-badge>`:

```html
<sbb-card>
  <sbb-card-badge slot="badge" appearance="primary" is-discount></sbb-card-badge>
  <div>
    <p>Card content</p>

>   </div>

Reviewer: No, I removed them.

# sbb-card

> The `sbb-card` component is a generic content container; its task is to contain HTML elements related to a single subject.
> 
> Internally, it could be rendered as a link or as a button based on the value of the `href` attribute 
> (as the [sbb-link](../sbb-link/readme.md)). When rendered as a button, consumers could listen to the emitted click event.
> 
> It has 6 size variant (from `xs` to `xxl`) base on the `size` attribute value,
> and 2 background variants - white for default and milk for negative - based on the `negative` attribute value.
> Consumers could also conditionally set the value of the `active` attribute to display an active state on the component.
> 
> The `sbb-card-badge` component can be used via slot to display a badge in the upper right corner. 
> Even if provided, it is never displayed when the `sbb-card` size attribute is set to `xs` or `s`.
> 
> ## Usage
> 
> The examples below show how to render the component with and without the `<sbb-card-badge>` component.
> In the first one, the `sbb-card` will be internally rendered as a button, in the second one as a link. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `sbb-card` component is a generic content container as an action element; its task is to contain HTML elements related to a single subject.

Internally, it is either rendered as an anchor (`<a>`, when used with a `href` attribute) or as a button (when used without a `href` attribute). When rendered as a button, it is possible to listen to the click event to add behavior.

There are six size variants available (from `xs` to `xxl`), which can be configured via the `size` attribute value,
and two background variants, white by default and milk when the `negative` attribute is used.
Set the `active` attribute to display the card in an active state, which is bordered and has no hover effect.

The `sbb-card-badge` component can be used via slot to display a badge in the upper right corner. 
The badge is hidden with sizes `xs` or `s`.

## Usage

The examples below shows how to use the component with and without the `<sbb-card-badge>` component.
In the first one, the `sbb-card` will be internally rendered as a button, in the second one as a link. 
```
